MIT License (English version)

Copyright (c) 2024 AZIZ AVERIBOU

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------------------------------------------------------------

Licence MIT (version française – traduction informative)

Copyright (c) 2024 AZIZ AVERIBOU

Permission est accordée, gratuitement, à toute personne obtenant une copie
de ce logiciel et des fichiers de documentation associés (le "Logiciel"),
d'utiliser le Logiciel sans restriction, y compris sans limitation les droits
d'utiliser, copier, modifier, fusionner, publier, distribuer, sous-licencier,
et/ou vendre des copies du Logiciel, et de permettre aux personnes à qui le
Logiciel est fourni de le faire, sous réserve des conditions suivantes :

L'avis de droit d'auteur ci-dessus et le présent avis de permission doivent
être inclus dans toutes copies ou parties substantielles du Logiciel.

LE LOGICIEL EST FOURNI "EN L'ÉTAT", SANS GARANTIE D'AUCUNE SORTE, EXPRESSE
OU IMPLICITE, Y COMPRIS MAIS SANS S'Y LIMITER AUX GARANTIES DE QUALITÉ
MARCHANDE, D'ADÉQUATION À UN USAGE PARTICULIER ET D'ABSENCE DE CONTREFAÇON.
EN AUCUN CAS, LES AUTEURS OU TITULAIRES DU COPYRIGHT NE POURRONT ÊTRE TENUS
RESPONSABLES DE TOUTE RÉCLAMATION, DOMMAGE OU AUTRE RESPONSABILITÉ, QUE CE
SOIT DANS UNE ACTION CONTRACTUELLE, DÉLICTUELLE OU AUTRE, RÉSULTANT DE OU EN
LIEN AVEC LE LOGICIEL OU L'UTILISATION OU D'AUTRES ACTIONS DANS LE LOGICIEL.
